README.md, before:

IOS-SDK
=======
Ubudu contextual interactions SDK for IOS.
For information on pricing, features, examples and our fantastic i-beacon compatible beacons please check our web-site [http://www.ubudu.com](http://www.ubudu.com). It is totally free to develop with Ubudu SDKs and we only charge usage. 

### System and hardware requirements
For beacons related features:
- IOS 7.0 or higher for supporting iBeacon features / IOS 7.1.2 recommended
- Iphone 4S / Ipad 3rd generation / iPad mini / iPod touch 5th generation or more recent

For geofencing:
- IOS 6.0 or higher
- Iphone 4 or more recent

## Adding the Ubudu SDK framework to your project

Starting to use the Ubudu SDK on IOS native app should be a 5 to 10 minutes process. Have a look at the demo app in the directory for a complete example.

1. Drag & drop the *UbuduSDK.framework* folder into the Frameworks folder of your project in XCode.
Check the **"Copy items into destination group's folder (if needed)"** option.

2. Add the following frameworks and libraries to your project if they are not already present:
 - CoreLocation.framework
 - CoreData.framework
 - PassKit.framework
 - SystemConfiguration.framework
 - MobileCoreServices.framework
 - libz.dylib

  Your framework folder should look like this:

  ![Framework list](/__media-files/images/ios_frameworks_list.png) 

3. In the project settings, go to `"General" -> "Your Target" -> "Build Settings" -> "Other Linker Flags"` and add the following flags: **-ObjC -all_load**

  ![Linker flag](/__media-files/images/ios_linker_flags.png) 

4. In your *Info.plist* file add the **"location"** capability to the "Required background modes" section. If you plan to use Maps or Passbook in your proximity aware application you should enable the corresponding capabilities as well.
The simplest way to do that is to go in the project settings and the in `"Capabilities" -> "Background Modes"`


  ![Capabilities](/__media-files/images/ios_capabilities.png) 


## Starting and hooking to the Ubudu SDK

1. In your *AppDelegate.m* file add the following statement:
`#import <UbuduSDK/UbuduSDK.h>`

2. Add this to you `didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:` method
You need to replace the app namespace by the one you created in the [back-office.](https://manager.ubudu.com)
```
[UbuduSDK sharedInstance].appNamespace = @"634b207ee2f313c109c58675b44324ac2d41e61e";
[UbuduSDK sharedInstance].delegate = self;
NSError *error = nil;
BOOL started = [[UbuduSDK sharedInstance] start:&error];
if (!started) {
    NSLog(@"UbuduSDK start error: %@", error);
    // Handle error
}
```

3. To allow to the SDK to work as expected with background support you need to implement the UIKit callback `application:didReceiveLocalNotification:` like this:

```
- (void)application:(UIApplication *)application didReceiveLocalNotification:(UILocalNotification *)notification
{
    [[UbuduSDK sharedInstance] executeLocalNotificationActions:notification];
}
```

The delegate is the object which will be receiving all the notifications via callbacks defined in the **UbuduSDKDelegate** protocol. This might be your AppDelegate for example.

### Stop the SDK

If you want the SDK to stop running then call:
```objective-c
[[UbuduSDK sharedInstance] stop];
```
Stopping the SDK will stop it from updating location and tracking geofences and beacons. It will also prevent your app from being awaken by the system (you will not have background support after that).

### Full code example

Here is a full example on how to initialize and start the SDK:
```objective-c
/* AppDelegate.m */
#import <UbuduSDK/UbuduSDK.h>

@implementation AppDelegate

- (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)application didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:(NSDictionary *)launchOptions
{
    if ([[UbuduSDK sharedInstance] isRunning] == NO) {
        [UbuduSDK sharedInstance].appNamespace = @"634b207ee2f313c109c58675b44324ac2d41e61e";
        [UbuduSDK sharedInstance].delegate = self;
        /** optionally, provide the ID of your user so we can link the Ubudu user with the IDs of your information system. */
        //[UbuduSDK sharedInstance].user = [[UbuduUser alloc] initWithID:@"Your client ID" withProperties:@{@"foo_property":@"bar_value"}];
        NSError *error = nil;
        BOOL started = [[UbuduSDK sharedInstance] start:&error];
        if (!started) {
            NSLog(@"UbuduSDK start error: %@", error);
            // Handle error
        }
    }
}

- (void)application:(UIApplication *)application didReceiveLocalNotification:(UILocalNotification *)notification
{
    [[UbuduSDK sharedInstance] executeLocalNotificationActions:notification];
}
```

The namespace value i.e. `634b207ee2f313c109c58675b44324ac2d41e61e` in the example above is the namespace UID of the application creatd in the [back-office manager web interface](https://manager.ubudu.com) of your application. 
When you access the back-office web interface in the details of the application you created you will find an example of integration with the correct UID for your application.
Then still in the AppDelegate implement the callbacks that you would like to overwrite to handle the actions that have been programmed in the back-office.
There are 4 types of actions that can be executed when entering or exiting a zone: 
- Post a callback to a server URL: the server can then "decide" the next action or execute custom code (such as adding entries into a CRM, sending a push notification or sending a push notification to a client). Note that the SDK will automatically take advantage of some wildcards that you can use to identify the actions in your callback. Example of URL: 'https://yourserver.com/push_event_to_app.json?event=exit&udid={udid}'.
- Post a local notification: a local notification can contain a message and a custom payload see [Apple documentation](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/iPhone/Reference/UILocalNotification_Class/Reference/Reference.html#//apple_ref/occ/instp/UILocalNotification/alertAction).
![Back-office configuration local notification](/__media-files/images/back_office_action_1.jpg) 
- Open a web-page in a web-view: note that the page can be either online (http:// or https://) or in the application bundle (in this case use the file:// protocol in the URL).
![Back-office configuration open web view notification](/__media-files/images/back_office_action.jpg) 
- Open a passbook: note that the pass can be either online (http:// or https://) or in the application bundle (in this case use the file:// protocol in the URL).


### UbuduSDKDelegate Callbacks


UbuduSDK provides a couple of callback methods which can be used to override the SDK's default behaviour.

```objective-c
  - (void)ubudu:(UbuduSDK *)ubuduSDK executeOpenWebPageRequest:(NSURL *)url triggeredBy:(UbuduTriggerSource)triggeredBy;
```

The **ubudu:executeOpenWebPageRequest:triggeredBy:** is called when an action which should result in opening a web page on top of the current view should happen.
If you want to override the behavior of this action implement the **ubudu:executeOpenWebPageRequest:triggeredBy:** method in your delegate.

```objective-c
  - (void)ubudu:(UbuduSDK *)ubuduSDK executeOpenPassbookRequest:(NSURL *)passbookUrl triggeredBy:(UbuduTriggerSource)triggeredBy;
```

The **ubudu:executeOpenPassbookRequest:triggeredBy:** is called when an action which should result in presenting a passbook pass to the user should happen.
If you want to override the behavior of this action implement the **ubudu:executeOpenPassbookRequest:triggeredBy:** method in your delegate.
  
```objective-c
  - (void)ubudu:(UbuduSDK *)ubuduSDK executeLocalNotificationRequest:(UILocalNotification *)localNotification triggeredBy:(UbuduTriggerSource)triggeredBy;
```

The **ubudu:executeLocalNotificationRequest:triggeredBy:** is called when the SDK performs an action which should result in dispatching a local notification.
If you want to override this behavior implement the **ubudu:executeLocalNotificationRequest:triggeredBy:** method in your delegate.

```objective-c
  - (void)ubudu:(UbuduSDK *)ubuduSDK didReceiveNewAdView:(UIView *)view triggeredBy:(UbuduTriggerSource)triggeredBy;
```

The **ubudu:didReceiveNewAdView:triggeredBy:** is called when the SDK receives new contents for the ad banner. Implement it to override the default SDK behavior.



Example of implementation of Ubudu SDK delegate methods:
```objective-c
//AppDelegate.m

#pragma mark - UbuduSDKDelegate

- (BOOL)ubudu:(UbuduSDK *)ubuduSDK shouldExecuteLocalNotificationRequest:(UILocalNotification *)localNotification triggeredBy:(UbuduTriggerSource)triggeredBy
{
    NSLog(@"Ubudu shouldExecuteLocalNotificationRequest);
    // Post notification only if it's a new one (avoid presenting multiple identical notification to the user)
    BOOL hasBeenTriggered = [[Manager sharedManager] hasLocalNotificationBeenTriggered:localNotification.alertBody];
    return (hasBeenTriggered == NO);
}

- (void)ubudu:(UbuduSDK *)ubuduSDK executeLocalNotificationRequest:(UILocalNotification *)localNotification triggeredBy:(UbuduTriggerSource)triggeredBy
{
    NSLog(@"Ubudu executeLocalNotificationRequest localNotification = %@", localNotification);
    [[Manager sharedManager] markLocalNotificationAsTrigerred:localNotification];
    [[UIApplication sharedApplication] presentLocalNotificationNow:localNotification];
}

// Uncomment the following methods to use a custom implementation of the corresponding action

//- (void)ubudu:(UbuduSDK *)ubuduSDK executeOpenWebPageRequest:(NSURL *)url triggeredBy:(UbuduTriggerSource)triggeredBy
//{
//    NSLog(@"Ubudu executeOpenWebPageRequest url = %@", url);
//}

//- (void)ubudu:(UbuduSDK *)ubuduSDK executeOpenPassbookRequest:(NSURL *)passbookUrl triggeredBy:(UbuduTriggerSource)triggeredBy
//{
//    NSLog(@"Ubudu executeOpenPassbookRequest passbookUrl = %@", passbookUrl);
//}

//- (void)ubudu:(UbuduSDK *)ubuduSDK didReceiveNewAdView:(UIView *)view triggeredBy:(UbuduTriggerSource)triggeredBy;
//{
//    NSLog(@"Ubudu didReceiveNewAdView view = %@", view);
//}

- (void)ubudu:(UbuduSDK *)ubuduSDK didReceiveErrorNotification:(NSError *)error;
{
    NSLog(@"Ubudu didReceiveErrorNotification error = %@", error);
}

#pragma mark - Local Notifications

- (void)application:(UIApplication *)application didReceiveLocalNotification:(UILocalNotification *)notification
{
    NSString *notifType = [notification.userInfo valueForKeyPath:@"payload.type"];

    // If the notification contains a custom payload that we want to handle
    if ([notifType isEqualToString:@"order"]) {
        // In this case we display a custom alert view instead of posting the notification
        [self displayOrderAwaitingAlert:@"Do you want to send your order to preparation now?"];
    } else {
        // Send back to the SDK the notification (that may have been received in background)
        // So it can trigger the right action (passbook or web view for example)
        [[UbuduSDK sharedInstance] executeLocalNotificationActions:notification];
    }
}

#pragma mark - Click & Collect Alert

- (void)displayOrderAwaitingAlert:(NSString *)message
{
    UIAlertView *alert = [[UIAlertView alloc] init];
    [alert setTag:kAlertTagClickAndCollect];
    [alert setTitle:@"Your order"];
    [alert setMessage:message];
    [alert setDelegate:self];
    [alert addButtonWithTitle:@"No, I'll do it later"];
    [alert addButtonWithTitle:@"Yes"];
    [alert show];
}

- (void)alertView:(UIAlertView *)alertView clickedButtonAtIndex:(NSInteger)buttonIndex
{
    if (buttonIndex == 0) {
        // No. Do nothing.
    } else if (buttonIndex == 1) {
        // Yes. Open order summary page.
        UIViewController *orderSummaryVC = [self.window.rootViewController.storyboard instantiateViewControllerWithIdentifier:@"UDOrderSummaryViewController"];
        [self.window.rootViewController presentViewController:orderSummaryVC animated:YES completion:nil];
    }
}
```

### Users segmentation - Tags

If you want to target only a subset of your users, it is possible to associate arbitrary tags to them.
Then you define the conditions that must or must not be met for your rules and actions to trigger.

You can define the conditions for a beacon or geofence rule in the back-office, from the beacon and geofence edition page.

![Capabilities](/__media-files/images/back_office_target_user_segments.png)

Once you have defined your conditions in the back-office, you need to assign tags to your mobile users using the Ubudu iOS SDK.
This is very simple and is done typically before starting the SDK, as following:

```objective-c
[UbuduSDK sharedInstance].appNamespace = @"634b207ee2f313c109c58675b44324ac2d41e61e";
[UbuduSDK sharedInstance].delegate = self;
[UbuduSDK sharedInstance].user = [[UbuduUser alloc] initWithID:@"your_user_id" withProperties:@{@"foo_property": @"bar_value"} tags:@[@"female", @"under_40"]];

NSError *error = nil;
BOOL started = [[UbuduSDK sharedInstance] start:&error];
if (started == NO) {
  // Handle error
}
```

If you need to update the tags of your user once the SDK has been started, just re-assign the tags property of the user, and the SDK will automatically send the updated data to the back-office.

```objective-c
// Could be called if the user changes his age in the settings for example
[UbuduSDK sharedInstance].user.tags = @[@"female", @"under_25"];
```

Commit message:

Added CocoaPods procedure to install documentation.

README.md, after:

IOS-SDK
=======
Ubudu contextual interactions SDK for IOS.
For information on pricing, features, examples and our fantastic i-beacon compatible beacons please check our web-site [http://www.ubudu.com](http://www.ubudu.com). It is totally free to develop with Ubudu SDKs and we only charge usage. 

### System and hardware requirements
For beacons related features:
- IOS 7.0 or higher for supporting iBeacon features / IOS 7.1.2 recommended
- Iphone 4S / Ipad 3rd generation / iPad mini / iPod touch 5th generation or more recent

For geofencing:
- IOS 6.0 or higher
- Iphone 4 or more recent

## Adding the Ubudu SDK framework to your project

Starting to use the Ubudu SDK on IOS native app should be a 5 to 10 minutes process. Have a look at the demo app in the directory for a complete example.

### Using CocoaPods

This is the prefered and simplest way to get started. Just add the following line to your Podfile:

```
pod "UbuduSDK"
```

then execute `pod update`.
If you are not already using CocoaPods for your project you can get started by reading the [CocoaPods documentation](http://cocoapods.org).

### Manually

If you don't want to use CocoaPods you can install the SDK manually by following the instructions bellow.

1. Drag & drop the *UbuduSDK.framework* folder into the Frameworks folder of your project in XCode.
Check the **"Copy items into destination group's folder (if needed)"** option.

2. Add the following frameworks and libraries to your project if they are not already present:
 - CoreLocation.framework
 - CoreData.framework
 - PassKit.framework
 - SystemConfiguration.framework
 - MobileCoreServices.framework
 - libz.dylib

  If you don't know how to add an Apple framework to your project [follow these instructions.](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/recipes/xcode_help-project_editor/Articles/AddingaLibrarytoaTarget.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40010155-CH17)

  Your framework folder should look like this:

  ![Framework list](/__media-files/images/ios_frameworks_list.png) 

3. In the project settings, go to `"General" -> "Your Target" -> "Build Settings" -> "Other Linker Flags"` and add the following flags: **-ObjC -all_load**

  ![Linker flag](/__media-files/images/ios_linker_flags.png) 

## Background Location Capability

In your *Info.plist* file add the **"location"** capability to the "Required background modes" section. If you plan to use Maps or Passbook in your proximity aware application you should enable the corresponding capabilities as well.
The simplest way to do that is to go in the project settings and the in `"Capabilities" -> "Background Modes"`


  ![Capabilities](/__media-files/images/ios_capabilities.png) 


## Starting and hooking to the Ubudu SDK

1. In your *AppDelegate.m* file add the following statement:
`#import <UbuduSDK/UbuduSDK.h>`

2. Add this to you `didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:` method
You need to replace the app namespace by the one you created in the [back-office.](https://manager.ubudu.com)
```
[UbuduSDK sharedInstance].appNamespace = @"634b207ee2f313c109c58675b44324ac2d41e61e";
[UbuduSDK sharedInstance].delegate = self;
NSError *error = nil;
BOOL started = [[UbuduSDK sharedInstance] start:&error];
if (!started) {
    NSLog(@"UbuduSDK start error: %@", error);
    // Handle error
}
```

3. To allow to the SDK to work as expected with background support you need to implement the UIKit callback `application:didReceiveLocalNotification:` like this:

```
- (void)application:(UIApplication *)application didReceiveLocalNotification:(UILocalNotification *)notification
{
    [[UbuduSDK sharedInstance] executeLocalNotificationActions:notification];
}
```

The delegate is the object which will be receiving all the notifications via callbacks defined in the **UbuduSDKDelegate** protocol. This might be your AppDelegate for example.

### Stop the SDK

If you want the SDK to stop running then call:
```objective-c
[[UbuduSDK sharedInstance] stop];
```
Stopping the SDK will stop it from updating location and tracking geofences and beacons. It will also prevent your app from being awaken by the system (you will not have background support after that).

### Full code example

Here is a full example on how to initialize and start the SDK:
```objective-c
/* AppDelegate.m */
#import <UbuduSDK/UbuduSDK.h>

@implementation AppDelegate

- (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)application didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:(NSDictionary *)launchOptions
{
    if ([[UbuduSDK sharedInstance] isRunning] == NO) {
        [UbuduSDK sharedInstance].appNamespace = @"634b207ee2f313c109c58675b44324ac2d41e61e";
        [UbuduSDK sharedInstance].delegate = self;
        /** optionally, provide the ID of your user so we can link the Ubudu user with the IDs of your information system. */
        //[UbuduSDK sharedInstance].user = [[UbuduUser alloc] initWithID:@"Your client ID" withProperties:@{@"foo_property":@"bar_value"}];
        NSError *error = nil;
        BOOL started = [[UbuduSDK sharedInstance] start:&error];
        if (!started) {
            NSLog(@"UbuduSDK start error: %@", error);
            // Handle error
        }
    }
}

- (void)application:(UIApplication *)application didReceiveLocalNotification:(UILocalNotification *)notification
{
    [[UbuduSDK sharedInstance] executeLocalNotificationActions:notification];
}
```

The namespace value i.e. `634b207ee2f313c109c58675b44324ac2d41e61e` in the example above is the namespace UID of the application creatd in the [back-office manager web interface](https://manager.ubudu.com) of your application. 
When you access the back-office web interface in the details of the application you created you will find an example of integration with the correct UID for your application.
Then still in the AppDelegate implement the callbacks that you would like to overwrite to handle the actions that have been programmed in the back-office.
There are 4 types of actions that can be executed when entering or exiting a zone: 
- Post a callback to a server URL: the server can then "decide" the next action or execute custom code (such as adding entries into a CRM, sending a push notification or sending a push notification to a client). Note that the SDK will automatically take advantage of some wildcards that you can use to identify the actions in your callback. Example of URL: 'https://yourserver.com/push_event_to_app.json?event=exit&udid={udid}'.
- Post a local notification: a local notification can contain a message and a custom payload see [Apple documentation](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/iPhone/Reference/UILocalNotification_Class/Reference/Reference.html#//apple_ref/occ/instp/UILocalNotification/alertAction).
![Back-office configuration local notification](/__media-files/images/back_office_action_1.jpg) 
- Open a web-page in a web-view: note that the page can be either online (http:// or https://) or in the application bundle (in this case use the file:// protocol in the URL).
![Back-office configuration open web view notification](/__media-files/images/back_office_action.jpg) 
- Open a passbook: note that the pass can be either online (http:// or https://) or in the application bundle (in this case use the file:// protocol in the URL).


### UbuduSDKDelegate Callbacks


UbuduSDK provides a couple of callback methods which can be used to override the SDK's default behaviour.

```objective-c
  - (void)ubudu:(UbuduSDK *)ubuduSDK executeOpenWebPageRequest:(NSURL *)url triggeredBy:(UbuduTriggerSource)triggeredBy;
```

The **ubudu:executeOpenWebPageRequest:triggeredBy:** is called when an action which should result in opening a web page on top of the current view should happen.
If you want to override the behavior of this action implement the **ubudu:executeOpenWebPageRequest:triggeredBy:** method in your delegate.

```objective-c
  - (void)ubudu:(UbuduSDK *)ubuduSDK executeOpenPassbookRequest:(NSURL *)passbookUrl triggeredBy:(UbuduTriggerSource)triggeredBy;
```

The **ubudu:executeOpenPassbookRequest:triggeredBy:** is called when an action which should result in presenting a passbook pass to the user should happen.
If you want to override the behavior of this action implement the **ubudu:executeOpenPassbookRequest:triggeredBy:** method in your delegate.
  
```objective-c
  - (void)ubudu:(UbuduSDK *)ubuduSDK executeLocalNotificationRequest:(UILocalNotification *)localNotification triggeredBy:(UbuduTriggerSource)triggeredBy;
```

The **ubudu:executeLocalNotificationRequest:triggeredBy:** is called when the SDK performs an action which should result in dispatching a local notification.
If you want to override this behavior implement the **ubudu:executeLocalNotificationRequest:triggeredBy:** method in your delegate.

```objective-c
  - (void)ubudu:(UbuduSDK *)ubuduSDK didReceiveNewAdView:(UIView *)view triggeredBy:(UbuduTriggerSource)triggeredBy;
```

The **ubudu:didReceiveNewAdView:triggeredBy:** is called when the SDK receives new contents for the ad banner. Implement it to override the default SDK behavior.



Example of implementation of Ubudu SDK delegate methods:
```objective-c
//AppDelegate.m

#pragma mark - UbuduSDKDelegate

- (BOOL)ubudu:(UbuduSDK *)ubuduSDK shouldExecuteLocalNotificationRequest:(UILocalNotification *)localNotification triggeredBy:(UbuduTriggerSource)triggeredBy
{
    NSLog(@"Ubudu shouldExecuteLocalNotificationRequest);
    // Post notification only if it's a new one (avoid presenting multiple identical notification to the user)
    BOOL hasBeenTriggered = [[Manager sharedManager] hasLocalNotificationBeenTriggered:localNotification.alertBody];
    return (hasBeenTriggered == NO);
}

- (void)ubudu:(UbuduSDK *)ubuduSDK executeLocalNotificationRequest:(UILocalNotification *)localNotification triggeredBy:(UbuduTriggerSource)triggeredBy
{
    NSLog(@"Ubudu executeLocalNotificationRequest localNotification = %@", localNotification);
    [[Manager sharedManager] markLocalNotificationAsTrigerred:localNotification];
    [[UIApplication sharedApplication] presentLocalNotificationNow:localNotification];
}

// Uncomment the following methods to use a custom implementation of the corresponding action

//- (void)ubudu:(UbuduSDK *)ubuduSDK executeOpenWebPageRequest:(NSURL *)url triggeredBy:(UbuduTriggerSource)triggeredBy
//{
//    NSLog(@"Ubudu executeOpenWebPageRequest url = %@", url);
//}

//- (void)ubudu:(UbuduSDK *)ubuduSDK executeOpenPassbookRequest:(NSURL *)passbookUrl triggeredBy:(UbuduTriggerSource)triggeredBy
//{
//    NSLog(@"Ubudu executeOpenPassbookRequest passbookUrl = %@", passbookUrl);
//}

//- (void)ubudu:(UbuduSDK *)ubuduSDK didReceiveNewAdView:(UIView *)view triggeredBy:(UbuduTriggerSource)triggeredBy;
//{
//    NSLog(@"Ubudu didReceiveNewAdView view = %@", view);
//}

- (void)ubudu:(UbuduSDK *)ubuduSDK didReceiveErrorNotification:(NSError *)error;
{
    NSLog(@"Ubudu didReceiveErrorNotification error = %@", error);
}

#pragma mark - Local Notifications

- (void)application:(UIApplication *)application didReceiveLocalNotification:(UILocalNotification *)notification
{
    NSString *notifType = [notification.userInfo valueForKeyPath:@"payload.type"];

    // If the notification contains a custom payload that we want to handle
    if ([notifType isEqualToString:@"order"]) {
        // In this case we display a custom alert view instead of posting the notification
        [self displayOrderAwaitingAlert:@"Do you want to send your order to preparation now?"];
    } else {
        // Send back to the SDK the notification (that may have been received in background)
        // So it can trigger the right action (passbook or web view for example)
        [[UbuduSDK sharedInstance] executeLocalNotificationActions:notification];
    }
}

#pragma mark - Click & Collect Alert

- (void)displayOrderAwaitingAlert:(NSString *)message
{
    UIAlertView *alert = [[UIAlertView alloc] init];
    [alert setTag:kAlertTagClickAndCollect];
    [alert setTitle:@"Your order"];
    [alert setMessage:message];
    [alert setDelegate:self];
    [alert addButtonWithTitle:@"No, I'll do it later"];
    [alert addButtonWithTitle:@"Yes"];
    [alert show];
}

- (void)alertView:(UIAlertView *)alertView clickedButtonAtIndex:(NSInteger)buttonIndex
{
    if (buttonIndex == 0) {
        // No. Do nothing.
    } else if (buttonIndex == 1) {
        // Yes. Open order summary page.
        UIViewController *orderSummaryVC = [self.window.rootViewController.storyboard instantiateViewControllerWithIdentifier:@"UDOrderSummaryViewController"];
        [self.window.rootViewController presentViewController:orderSummaryVC animated:YES completion:nil];
    }
}
```

### Users segmentation - Tags

If you want to target only a subset of your users, it is possible to associate arbitrary tags to them.
Then you define the conditions that must or must not be met for your rules and actions to trigger.

You can define the conditions for a beacon or geofence rule in the back-office, from the beacon and geofence edition page.

![Capabilities](/__media-files/images/back_office_target_user_segments.png)

Once you have defined your conditions in the back-office, you need to assign tags to your mobile users using the Ubudu iOS SDK.
This is very simple and is done typically before starting the SDK, as following:

```objective-c
[UbuduSDK sharedInstance].appNamespace = @"634b207ee2f313c109c58675b44324ac2d41e61e";
[UbuduSDK sharedInstance].delegate = self;
[UbuduSDK sharedInstance].user = [[UbuduUser alloc] initWithID:@"your_user_id" withProperties:@{@"foo_property": @"bar_value"} tags:@[@"female", @"under_40"]];

NSError *error = nil;
BOOL started = [[UbuduSDK sharedInstance] start:&error];
if (started == NO) {
  // Handle error
}
```

If you need to update the tags of your user once the SDK has been started, just re-assign the tags property of the user, and the SDK will automatically send the updated data to the back-office.

```objective-c
// Could be called if the user changes his age in the settings for example
[UbuduSDK sharedInstance].user.tags = @[@"female", @"under_25"];
```
